in the next 12 hours I could lose $1
million and in case they do the coin
flip also signing a $10
million let's go baby watch me work
you're going to have to seal John's
footage he's got a lot of good oh I know
this footage will not see the light of
day until until the public knows it's
going to be a night I think we'll all
remember for the rest of our lives read
the read welcome everyone grand finale
of Beast
game every decision the six of you have
me I've brought his here to this moment
like I should have gone for the person
next to me what the heck a $10 million
coin never been done in mankind if you
call it correctly I will double the
prize pool to $10 million but if you
call it incorrectly you will be
eliminated I honestly doubt someone will
do it it's going to change to but if
someone did do it that'
be I'm not I didn't think would take it
I don't feel like I'm filming I just
kind of in like a trans give me jack up
guys can you guys turn around fq do not
turn around I don't think even Jun was
expecting
this like what the what what are the
odds oh
no how do you top this oh don't you
worry all right but before we get
started we're on set of the Beast games
reunion that I'll be hosting I can't
wait to upload that video soon but for
now since so many of you guys signed up
for our YouTube growth hack pack I'm
giving away our YouTube thumbnail hack
pack with my best tools templates and
tips everything that I've learned at my
5 years at YouTube and I'm giving away
all for free so you get the best 100
thumbnails on YouTube and how to adapt
them you get my thumbnail tester tool
that shows you how your thumbnail looks
on mobile and desktop and you get my
templates like literally the thumbnails
that I use the source files that got
over 1 million views just go to this
link below y tacpack.com thumbnail or
check out the QR code and again it's all
for free hopefully you enjoy this video
okay Jimmy's about to sign the official
checks that the winner is going to
get
Jimbo so those are the official checks
that the winner gets what why is there
multiple there's a five and a 10 oh
right that's the in case the coin
flip yeah goes well like the cash price
could double tonight in case someone is
brave so tonight you could give away $1
million
yeah wow in the next 12 hours I could
lose $1 million or $6
million it's actually a pretty big 12
hours for
me are you secretly hoping you give away
the 11 million even though you lose more
money oh yeah that'd be awesome they hit
that Point Flip legendary no one's going
to think it's real but legitimately
whoever wins could work 40 hours a week
till the day they die and not make as
much money as they're about to win do
you you ever keep in touch Jimmy with
the people who you gave money to to see
how it's impacted them back in the day I
used to now there's just so we did the
math the other day we've given stuff to
over 10,000 people just in like main
Channel games not play so it's like you
know I'll sometimes run into people in
the gym they'll be like you gave me a
car I'll be like and they'll be like
this video be oh that's
right no on Main and gave me people away
around 50 million 50 million yeah that's
not including philanthropy and all the
other stuff so tonight you're giving
away 10% it could be 20% or 20% Yeah by
whole career wow I'm signing the $5
million check I need you to blur
it and in case they do the coin
flip I'm also signing a $10 million
check see uh at the end of the night you
want to do a stand up to be honest
you're going to have to seal John's
footage he's got a lot of good yeah yeah
Matt can you tell us what's going to
happen in this finale episode yeah it's
going to be insane here's how it works
there going to be six people there now
if they flip this coin and call it
correctly like the heads or tails then
the cash prize will double to 10 million
bucks but then if they say if they you
know call it incorrectly they just get
eliminated so they're basically going to
risk their own elimination to double the
grand prize for everybody H I honestly
doubt someone will do it but if someone
did do it that'd be crazy wow be crazy
and you know what's going to be crazy is
we're going to see it happen it's going
to be the most important thing in
entertainment streaming history and then
we're going to have to not say anything
about it for like 3 four months yeah
yeah cuz we can't talk about it no no
this footage will not see the light of
day until until the public knows yeah
yeah are they back there some of them
this is the craziest thing that's ever
happened $5 million is the most
anybody's ever computed for which we're
about to double it to eight figures like
wow what are we doing like that's that's
it's going to change television bro like
that's it's one twist right isn't that
crazy am I wrong I really after
everything I've seen no even if they all
say no that's like the craziest thing
that's ever happened I don't know yeah
all right
all right man good luck dude good luck
good luck it's going to be an epic
[Music]
night oh
shoot those knees oh [__] just want to
say like this has been so special you
guys made it out of 2,000 people like
this is the top sck this will change
somebody's live just give it everything
we got this is y''s moment thank you
awesome very sweet of you so much what's
up
guys finale game balls awesome I would
love all of you to sign
it you guys Jeff did you get this I just
found it in one of the trailers I'm like
brilant I'm not as good of an artist as
Courtney so you
know what are you guys thinking about
right now everything in my life has
prepared me for this I'm very
competitive so you're going to see me
number one tonight's last night and I've
already Fought For What believe in so
tonight I'm going to fight for myself
every game up until right now has just
been practice like I already see myself
number one on top let's go baby watch me
work that was such a sweet like hand
off what did it mean to see your family
the other night oh man that my parents
they don't they're really hardworking
and they don't speak English so I was
like how did you find them I thought
that I was going to see everybody's
Family Walk In but mine so that meant a
lot that was the first time they had
been anywhere else other than Mexico so
I was like okay I'm feeling game
on what would you do with the 5 million
uh first and foremost uh help my parents
they've helped me so much throughout my
life um I want to get back to them and I
will
cry everybody let's get blind pulled it
up
P Pump It Up on three all right ready
let's
go PP it up on three
two nice
okay I love you guys I love
you I'm not in the no I will be
fantastic straight okay so the finalists
are about to go into the final episode
the final challenge somebody in that
line is about to win $5 million I
am it's take good it's going to be a
night I think we'll all remember for the
rest of our lives okay and you're about
to come up to a door right
[Applause]
step byy the money then you stand here
you talk to this camera shooting this
way welcome
everyone read the read the line welcome
everyone to the grand finale of these
SC every decision you have made and
every decision the other 994 Fallen
contestants have made have brought us
here right now to this moment that's
going to be cool with the overlay
footage before we begin you've heard me
say over and over again that one of you
is going to win this $5
million the largest in entertainment
history attention
see I kind of want to break my own
record that I haven't even set
yet that's going to be
fun this set is awesome it's so
beautiful it's awesome dude like what
the is
this man you you like feel the tension
just looking at
it it feels powerful and
epic it's not like just shitty
it's like everything about it even like
the lights in the background smoke it's
just all the floor is so prestine stairs
it's just I really don't have any
criticism which is very rare usually
have criticism it looks
good ready let's do it guys give me
jacked up yeah man needs a really your
adrenal hit soon this is [__]
crazy
damn ready last one War's
do are the contestants over
there say what's up moment one of these
people are about to win $5 million uh
Jimmy's walking over to the guy the team
right now the players this Gap right
here you have no idea what's do
right don't worry about it don't worry
about it thank you yeah there's a curs
here right and then
the most ridiculous thing we've built
are you kidding
meow the better question is who is it
going to be that
wi okay Jimmy is literally about to
start the
finale my heart is racing I don't know
how he's feeling but
uh ready mm let's go ready
keep on
going trust your guard trust your
guard oh boy are you guys ready yes
okay
contestants take off your blindfolds
welcome to the grand finale of Beast
game wow oh oh my gosh okay every
decision the six of you have made and
the 994 fing contestants have made have
led us right here right now to one of
you winning this $5 million let's go
work baby Do It Go the six of you
probably remember that throughout this
show I've over and over reminded you of
the $5 million grand prize the largest
grand prize in entertainment
history
until right now open the curtain
freaking the second $5 million okay what
Jimmy what are you
doing come on baby it's a whole new game
now wow it's okay don't get jealous this
is
unbelievable this is unbelievable wow
it's like literally falling down the
pyramid oh my gosh oh my gosh now we got
to fight twice as hard because there's
twice as much money here that 10 million
that 10 million belongs to me now the
other 5 milon nobody wants this more
than I do dare somebody come try to take
what's mine watch me watch me go you
thought I wanted this before you ain't
seen nothing yet I'm at 110 baby I'm at
110 I'm ready to run through some
walls don't stand in my way I will run
through you I promise you thank
you inside of this briefcase
is a coin great wow love coins here and
if one of the six of you is brave enough
to flip this
coin like every coin flip you will call
heads or
tails if you call it
correctly I will double the prize pool
to $10
million but if you call it
incorrectly you will be eliminated M
yeah
wow okay Jimmy just announced they're
upping the prize pool to $10 million
based on a coin flip and even when it's
a challenge as simple as that they have
somebody from compliance come and repeat
the rules so everybody understands
before they make a decision so these are
all the things that you don't often see
when you're watching the
show this is the official paperwork for
the $10 million coin flip that each of
the contestants has to sign before they
partaking it on the show and they're
scrambling right now so get everything
ready put their names in and then give
it to their
[Music]
confest sign before the corner right y
start the
timer first person to touch the coin
must flip the coin bring it in guys
bring it in what are you guys thinking
oh we've been a team this whole time I
want to hear everyone El yeah I get it
and I I think I think there probably is
an advantage to someone who flips it
like again a $10 million coin flip never
been done in mankind someone's going to
be the first person to ever do it yeah
and it will be the most clipped clip in
history like this will be everywhere
forever I'm really I'm really thinking I
might I might do it I might call tals oh
really good feeling about hyp up hype up
say with all your chest yeah yeah yeah
if you feel it do it don't think twice
about it
wa consens I knew it come on baby all
right I wish if you can see my hand is
literally swey now on this I will lose
$5
million um this is not good um okay um
okay
wow get it that is so him what do you
think it's going to be come this far
we've come this
far you add 5 million to the prize pull
are happy yep and I'm sad cuz I lose 5
million yeah or you're sad cuz you get
eliminated and I'm happy because I win
my 5 million back right right right oh
my gosh isn't this fun though I'm not I
didn't think any would take it I might
lose 10 milon this is amazing
974 whoa 974
you are now assuming all the risk yep
even though other people were interested
in doing it yep taking a chance you did
you have a 50% chance of going home or a
50% chance of adding five million dollar
to the prize poow oh my gosh I'm feeling
Tails you're feeling Tails
guys yes you know hey you know that's
what I was going to go you know what
they say tails never
fails but I hope it does cuz I want my
money
back this is the most nervous I've been
for a game this whole show I don't think
even junor was expecting this
go let's do it it's on you oh it's off
tell tell oh
no ha yeah
[Applause]
amazing I'm sorry I'm
sry I'm going pass out oh my God
I just lost $5
million why did he do that I didn't
think he would do it I know have to give
away 10 million
bucks the crazy part is I don't even get
to advertise it's a $10 million prize
poll cuz this didn't even happen till
the last
episode I didn't think this through
wo come
on 99
oh my
God all right all
right six of you are now competing for
$10
[Applause]
million ready C oh my gosh I got stop
looking at this in case you're wondering
yes this show is way over budging oh God
now we're more over budging all right
what we doing SL them all up all right
everyone follow me to the game the new10
million to walk up the stairs and then
have them all line up behind us it's so
brutal we don't even get to advertise
this I know the best part
wases because you played sad we all
thought it didn't happen but you were
playing that you didn't want it to
happen yeah oh so good so we you
couldn't see what it was when it no we
it was awesome it was
awesome Everybody follow me ho [__] that
was just celebrate then it'll be like
follow me we we'll grab both follow me
let's to
the holy
[__] good yeah it's great
my we're not bankrupt right
don't I'm going to take dude I've never
calling heads again yeah always ta I
mean have you ever seen anything like
that no I mean I've seen that all show
long you've been to a
casino bro $50 hand 10 million on a coin
foot that's about that is we don't have
to clean clear that other 5
mil think heavy think is pretty heavy
that's the real wi that's the that's the
wh bro wow what are we talking what are
we doing what the is this
holy that makes up for the
nonex yes it does everyone take a step
off your platform and when he says step
on your platform everyone step on at the
same time we started this show off with
you guys on pillars and that's how we're
going to end it wow great we love the
pillars let's
go these red blls have eliminated
countless of your friends yeah they have
and right
now they are about to eliminate two of
you what you say two two of you are
about to be eliminated because of red
balls wow crazy sentence you guys are
going to take turns attempting to throw
your red ball into an opponent's tube if
a ball lands in your tube you will be
eliminated so you guys can team up
against one person split 50/50 play solo
games literally whatever strategy you
could think of you can do on you
937 all right she miss you're still in
how you
feeling are you going to fire back when
it's your turn definitely
definitely
missed what if 937 says she won't shoot
at next time
you the Damage Done
appar fair enough I've been going for
herir it's fair wa whoa oh no good shot
that's all you have to say hey man it's
fair game is what it is you did it you
played awesome thank
you
oh oh bye hi even see me and now fire
Forman Steph Curry oh how she's
[Applause]
surviving the
under oh my god
wow that was
crazy would they even look you in the
eyes when they were targeting you no no
they wouldn't even look you in the guys
they team up against you everyone versus
you I had so much fun you guys and it
was so fun being competitive and you
guys kill it thank you
dropper she'll be
fine so that's EMA she just got out I'm
just going to say bye to
her I just want to say bye a thanks Sean
it was so wonderful meeting you likewise
likewise we rooting for you thank you I
know I'm like I should have gone for the
person next to me but no you can't
predict that it's okay they hit the rim
every time like what the heck it's meant
to be though but I think you're going to
win a lot of people over once to see how
far you got in your story and all that
thank you of course of course of course
I hope to see you guys again yeah yeah
yeah have a good night you want to take
one more shot yes I
do can I take one as well yeah oh all
right you go for it back
off
the oh J can we see inside the pit of
course have you seen in them before we
saw on the top not inside
though yeah they look better when
there's smoke coming out of them just a
giant fo that's like 4et of foam oh wow
yeah like you're more likely to drown in
the foam than you are to get hurt that
was tense that was awesome yeah that was
that was amazing out but when she
started throwing at her it's like it's
literally it's it's that simple the
three that teamed up conveniently moved
on the three that didn't lost two I mean
like who would have thought it's like
the texbook strategy would have been 3v3
and they team up they didn't but that's
the thing it's not scripted these are
real people what what's the next
challenge now that they're off to be
honest I'm tired and draw in a blank
something funs dude how do you keep your
energy up during that cuz that was what
a 2hour game uh I prob like 4 hours
let's see what time is
it what time we start for be 9:5
yeah yeah so yeah the game was 2 hours
we've been um I mean I don't know you
kind of just get in the zone when you're
filming you don't even remember like I
don't feel like I'm filming I just kind
of in like a trans where I'm just
entertaining yeah if this went on
forever would you guys have like tried
to move a la [__] no bro the best thing
that could happened is they shoot shots
for 24 hours you know how funny that is
like in the show if I could be like and
after literally 24 hours of shooting
they finally bro that's awesome
yeah I see that kind of stuff as
content watch this see that oh watch
what I about look how good my signature
is see that there's a smiley face in the
middle of the yeah yeah it's really cool
and creative now watch this all right I
got to go unfortunately is worse because
of what he's writing Nolan is worse than
mac you know what they say if it's on a
football it must be true no one's ever
said that I just said it
yo that's a good one I got to get a
football seen the
basketball this
nice oh yeah look at that had a little
smiley yeah how much you selling that
for nothing K little momento man a
little momento okay do not touch the
buzzers until they're ready this is it
starting now Jimmy JY look at
me starting now
live so put your hand on the button Let
It Go that's it that's what it is tell R
this is all real all right you each now
have a button in front of you when you
press it a pattern will
appear if the first person to take their
hand off the button must attempt to make
it across that pattern and if you do you
can eliminate any of theing people up
here but if you accidentally step on a
red tile you will be eliminated
10 million on the line put your hands on
the buttons
okay the game is live you take your hand
off you got to walk across
that I don't know I'm still trying to
memorize it you're scaring me it's a big
decision yeah but it's if you think you
have it it's a good that's better than
letting them decide your fate
1 2 3
1 1 2 3
4 three three might go for it three 3
4 oh she did it she did it she did it
okay she did it she did it oh my gosh oh
my gosh move out the way get out the
way all right she's coming down I love
this this is
crazy good job where do you start good
job
y
okay here we go this is where it started
right
yeah um uh I think one over okay hold on
yesie yesie you go up three I know that
and then you go over
four all right is it
correct it was this one it was this one
it's okay yes see
oh before we drop her I want to see if
she actually knew the
pattern oh my
gosh wait so if you want to listen to
him you would have been in wow I thought
you said you didn't know that is crazy
that you P her and she ignored
you she legitimately knew the pattern
she has it
[Music]
all
wow drop me oh just right into no last
words okay oh now we going to a speech
all right this is the final stretch of
the final episode and it's been crazy
but it's about to get even crazier one
of these three people is about to walk
away with $1 million $10 million that
isn't never happened tv
YouTube it's all right
there any nerves or you're just in and
out it's in it right now remarkably calm
but like feel the gravity of the
situation this is huge this is
huge so here's a question for you when
you saw these three first met us be like
one of these be top you guys
something special about each of you
so
what wait between us were you missing
those shots on
purpose my arm is so tired it's so tired
what I'm offended called by
you watch me
that was one of the SM if I'm not
confirming or denying it would
hypothetically
that
czy I don't know I don't know somebody
very smart and
uh but that was really smart CU then if
you hypothetically did do that you
created a one L
anyone that's
crazy that's brilliant H keep that in
mind next time for
Milli I'm not even really comprehending
what's going to happen after this moment
it's yeah everyone's like oh wow I don't
even know man yeah I don't really I mean
I posted on my my Instagram
about 4 years ago now that's my last
post oh you're not active on social
media not really I mean I post stories
and stuff I'm like run Club but not like
outdoor stuff just on stories but I my
last post was like four years ago
somebody tells me that um you're going
to want to get your IG ready before this
finale episode really absolutely AB
absolutely like get get whatever socials
you can I mean you'll have a few months
so you you know yeah don't tell anybody
why obviously but get it ready and give
people like a reason to you know go
through your backlog yeah yeah yeah
toana do you have a social media
following or do you think about that um
real quick can I show you guys something
we are on set right now of the Beast
games reunion that I'll be hosting
Jimmy's going to be arriving in a second
we're going to have the top 10
contestants some surprise guests I can't
wait for you guys to see this but in the
meantime I just want to say a big thank
you to Jimmy and the team for having me
on set and also the febles team for
sending me a bunch of their peanut
butter chocolate bars which have
honestly gotten me through so many late
nights of edits on these BTS videos so
if you haven't already make sure to go
out and support go to your local Target
Walmart Alberton 7eleven to try the
peanut butter chocolate bars with the
creamy peanut butter and Center thank
you so much again guys and now back to
the video Yeah from like my fitness days
and you know dressing of course but I'm
not on all the platforms I'm going to
get on the yeah yeah same thing I feel
like all three of you just this could
catapult you to another level of thing
do you have a social media following J
uh not really not at Silver Fox I know
right no but I should Silver Fox man go
go get it for me while you have your
phone that was 10 years ago we could
have got those handles are gone man oh
man good if I got $10 million maybe I
can get a good rate on it but uh no I I
post twice a year the fund raise for my
son but I'm not Super Active but I
yes I might have to he might have to
teach me a or to oh this is the guy I I
may have worked at one of these social
media companies you may know a lot about
it yeah yeah um can you tell me a little
bit about your son uh yeah I I have two
sons my youngest son Lucas has a rare
disease called creatine transport
deficiency um just a rare brain disease
only 400 people in the world no cure no
therapies
um his his brain doesn't get the energy
it needs to function in development so
he's seven but development is probably a
year old or maybe a year and a half um
but when something's that small it's
really hard for Academia or big farma to
try to find um a reason to invest into
it this is going to help um and I'm
thinking I'm get help from the van
upstairs too are you religious yeah yeah
do you how how many times have you
prayed throughout this a lot a lot and
um I heard you guys talking about
religion on the hours last night and I
think you and I probably share similar
prayers so said the schma earlier really
wow and yeah so it
just my faith has gotten super strong
since Lucas has been born so it's like
you have to look at all these bumps
there's so much Beauty in it Lucas has
given me so much and this is my chance
to get back to
him wish you all the best it's awesome
man no thank you it's been so great to
get to know you guys like I feel like
you guys I mean we've been together for
weeks dude you're making me emotional
man no it's it's I'm telling you and you
get it you got oneyear oldold Oney old
it's just like doesn't matter what like
you'll do whatever it takes the Earth
time yeah and I literally talk about it
earlier I'm like oh I'm going to win I'm
going to go on your podcast you're you
know we'll do something so I'm going to
make it happen you too man you too you
too what do you say you're an introvert
or extrovert
I'm an introvert who pretends to be
extroverts really yeah I I get extrovert
energy every time you like look into the
camera but in my head I'm
[Music]
like as soon as I see a camera I'm just
like but you know what happened is that
my daughter would
uh before take I camera I got my hands
up and I know my daughter whenever
camera come up she would do the same
thing I was like oh I have to change
this and kids do what you do what you
say so I had to be the example you
know yeah so it's time to let go of some
old habits and break out my show I grew
up a homeless kid so that kind of money
I would never think of that kind of
money oh wow ever in my life you know
cuz I mean how many people are just one
paycheck away from being homeless you
know so it's just something that lives
in your heart after you've been through
it just keep
going situations either break you or
they make you you know what I'm saying
either you grow from things or you let
them destroy you I refuse to let
anything ever
destroy
sleep yeah
I run get you another Prime drink
honestly yeah yeah any flavor anything
with caffeine I need to get cracked out
I got you I got to
yell so far this is there's been a lot
of social
strategy part of the Season there's been
lots of games based on social strategy
all throughout Beast games you guys
competed in challenges based on social
strategy and this next game is no
different you see we secretly surveyed
the top 50 contestants and we asked them
which one of you they would want to see
eliminated and in this envelope is
whichever one of you receive the most
votes to leave the game whoever's
numberers in this envelope will be
eliminated
unless guards bring it out of course
there's a Twist there's always a Twist
this go here we go well you thought it'd
be that this is a top three that's true
I you thought this would be boring I
should know by now all right here yeah
if you could just dump it right there in
the middle thank you here we go there
wasn't already enough money on set so we
had to bring in
more sorry it takes a while to transport
a million dollars cash I got you I have
never even dreamed about seeing this
much money in one place brace your core
Yeah Carl we're filming a show it's a
it's $1 million how many more times can
I take this picture I need to take a
picture later keep on going keep on
going in front of me now is $1 million
in
cash why do you think that is I think
it's a possible bribe to be able to not
go through
almost It's the final bribe one of you
will have the opportunity to self-
eliminate for a million dollar in cash
right here right now and the other two
will compete head-to-head for that $10
million this is so stressful I'm losing
my voice how you feel engage I think
it's going to be me so probably yeah I
think so and to everyone watching I
thank you
so my God it's been pressed no he oh
it's been pressed it's been pressed get
over here come get it he has a million
dollars dude he double oh my gosh
congs congrats million wa
974 is now a millionaire thank you a
millionaire my friend I know a
millionaire I know two millionaires now
yeah you do you one of
you wait watch wrest send you VIP ticket
wo this is one most game shows give us a
cash prize you just won for being
third oh my gosh let's go let's go 974
[Music]
all right can I point out what a
gigachad he doubles the prize Poll for
you two screws me out of5 million extra
dollars and then just dips out with a
million bucks like what is this man a
hero and keep in mind he's looking for a
girlfriend
guys yeah hey if you're single he's now
a
millionaire somehow he's more attractive
now wow it's great make your very
happy oh my gosh walking away with a
million it's all
you m
yeah I'm a millionaire I'm a
[Applause]
millionaire I have no words how these
are the person who would have been
eliminated
is
830 you receive the most vote from the
top
50 and if he did not take that bride you
would be the one falling instead of him
what do you want to say to
them love
God love
people do something about
[Music]
it oh
goodbye hey here's your other money yeah
that's good thank you there you go
obviously we're going to make sure he
gets his million dollars thank you
guards thank you thank
you thank you and it all comes down to
this next
game you guys ready let's go
sure follow me I'm here with Johnny
stunts
no that's what you told me that's what
his name is I'm not making that up am
I'm running away from that that term but
Johnny Johnny Johnny safety we're going
to go Johnny Johnny safety and AD okay
there you go and they're part of the
stunt team here at Beast games what does
that mean these coures and these
challenges have all been put into place
by us originally testing them and making
sure that they're safe and then uh we
test them with civilian testers once
we've been able to approve them civilian
so non-c contestants non-contest
stuntman you guys yep uh non-c
contestants yeah hire people off the
street um think like extras on a movie
set certainly the Thousand platforms has
been one of the big ones that's some
probably uh going to set some records
along the way brought in stunt trailers
and made sure that if they decided we
were going to hang Jimmy from the
boulder at the top of the um uh the
legion Stadium on the uh episode zero
that we would be able to Pivot quickly
enough to do it which is exactly what we
did we riged Jimmy to the top of the
boulder one of those things that we hey
get in here yeah we'll be there in 2
hours no we needed an hour okay sure
throw it there it's done ready safe
great yeah it's a it's a game of bluff
it's game of reading reading the other
person um what other like strategy talk
that we have you know uh when you guys
are talking take your time don't just
randomly pick your case especially like
the worst thing that could probably
happen for this whole show is uh I don't
know we spin it someone takes a BL off
they go I want seven and then you just
open it and that's the winning one you
know just talk to your reasons that's
another thing I would just say if you
know you're about to
lose giving giving that up to the other
person we've just done this so many
times the opening of The Briefcase and
that moment such a big moment and I know
you guys as you know respectable
competitors let them have that moment
it's a big moment um can you all open up
one is one the winning one one is the
winning uh open up one all all the way
so you know what it it's like to open up
all the way that not
light how did that feel so light all
right well the music's going to SW up
everyone's going to be
like and then I'll also say this this is
just a a warning feel when there is a
winner this is like a giant show big
budget blah blah blahs right there's
going to be Sparks are going to go crazy
money's going to shoot out of cannons
it's going to be a really emotional
moment for the winner a really sad
moment for the loser so because you
haven't lost or won yet I'm just going
to warn you of that so obviously I know
the loser going to be tough but also if
you win I would love celebrate I know
it's I know it's going to be tough for
you guys to but celebrate as much as you
can allow the other person to do that I
know you guys really do it exactly also
also we're going to um whoever lost
we're going to go drop you and then we
will keep on celebrating by money and
also whoever wins Run and Jump with that
money it's yours that money your
whichever one you want to JP in first I
don't care I've said from the beginning
guys good luck this is
it what the next hour you'll know if you
have $10 million or
not it's amazing big hour big hour whole
game we everything that's the hardest
one
memory the poker
face here we go it's going to be the
most beautiful sunrise for one of us I
know right that's some will come up in a
in an hour to probably would have
million walk out see the
sunrise how you feeling Jimmy before the
final uh a little tired but right when I
start filming I'm going to psych myself
up just waiting yeah it is at like 6:00
a.m. yeah almost yeah yeah I can hear
you T
how many rounds do you think it'll
go it is ideally it's not the first
round I mean there's a 10% chance
that round one would be brutal the fans
would be pissed cuz one be wouldn't even
get a chance um so ideally yeah a four
would be awesome and if we went like
five or six deep that would be crazy
every failure you have you're
going uh is it time cler again
okay are you ready to decide this over a
game of rock paper
scissors let's do
it I'm just kidding that'd be a lame way
to end the show follow me that's a dis
on squid games ending yeah on Netflix
end on Rock Pap he's been talking about
that line for like N9 months imagine
watching 10 episodes for them to just be
like those are going to decide your Fe
so stupid that's the
dumb so I'm putting that in that's my
that's my personal take your sides oh my
goodness all right welcome to the final
game one of you is about to win on this
table is 10 briefcases nine are
completely empty but one
has a check for $10 million inside of
it I think you can see where this is
going and to kick this off we need to
see who's going
first which is why we're going to bring
this coin
back right here the same coin that
doubled your prize
pull so I'm going need you guys to pick
heads or tails Tails it is you want
Tails sure why not are you fine with
heads okay
wow tension's already
building oh that was bad
oh it landed on heads if you want to see
it before I touch it I believe you that
was probably the worst coin flip of my
life unfortunate on the most important
shot of my life since you won the coin
flip I need you to put on this blindfold
you got
it this is where it gets
fun inside this briefcase is the $10
million I'm going to seal
it you can now put this briefcase
anywhere you want on this table and then
when you're ready he will take that
blindfold off and try to guess it if he
guesses correctly he will win and you
will leave with nothing if he guesses
incorrectly it's your turn every round
we play through that does not have a
winner we will reset the cases remove
the empty one Chosen and play another
round with the opposite player this game
has a ton of strategy she can lie she
can deceive she can play honest she can
do any kind of mental Warfare she wants
all that matters is that she doesn't let
him get the $10 million briefcase you
guys were side by side on platforms on
episode one you've spent countless hours
talking toan to okay toan okay okay
awesome you should know what he's
thinking and how to manipulate him and
vice versa and it all comes down to
this God speed and good
luck and before she gets too crazy boys
turn
around camera people turn around close
your eyes turn around camera guys can
you guys turn around and face that
direction uh yes Chandler Tariq do not
turn around and look for like the next
minute you all right you turn turn
around okay all we're not looking we're
not
looking all right me the boys even my
own camera team are all looking away as
she shuffles these
briefcases we I'm not going to risk
someone accidentally tipping off 831
this is a battle between those two and
those two
alone 8:30 it's awfully quiet over there
what are you
thinking uh
you
know
life money 10 million the
odds we'll see what happens when when
you're ready tell 831 to turn around
take his blindfold off turn around take
your blindfold off 831 oh my gosh okay
round one has begun
but in fact I'm going
here you think that 10 million in cash
is represented on a check in that six
briefcase I think sixth briefcase has
the
check okay this is getting it's getting
interesting are you actually going to
want to lock in number six or do you
want to keep investigating I'm locking
it in
whoa I'm wait I don't know which one it
is I'm looking at her face she seems
like I I his hands are on and he say
he's locking it in so it's locked in
it's locked in she how does how does
that make you feel his choice his choice
oh I'm dying to see what's in here okay
oh my gosh
W this this I mean you guys have watched
almost 6 hours of Beast games to get to
this point and he could win right here
generational wealth oh my God go for it
man one in 10 chance did you read her
like a book oh my gosh this would be
crazy I my heart I what what what what
w
w are you kidding me are you kidding me
know how did he know oh my God he just
won the 10
million oh my are you kidding
me first
one that's
crazy how I know that do what chance
that is man come on
oh my God 10 10 this is unreal it's
yours 10 million it's all yours come on
come on go to the other one bro go to
the other one this is also yours
yes
[Music]
oh he's tripping he's
tripping I'm going lay
down hey guys if he gets hurt eat the
multi
this is you me this is
unbelievable I can't feel my legs I
can't feel my legs I what you wait
in how did you know it was six what what
how did you know that six six was a
number that came to me the last few days
really last few days even when you spun
it stayed right in front of me the
second time you spun it you hit it yeah
are you kidding
me I knew it was going to happen I knew
it was going to happen family by the
way wi
million that for you oh my
God give me a hug sweet boy
I'm
going to talk to just W you guys
congratulations I love you
congratulations thank you thank you you
5 million congratulations thank you so
much oh my
gosh thank you thank you oh my god Jack
how old will you bring it you
don't P wire to his b hey do you believe
this
yes it's unbelievable your dad just won
10 million are you this is not real this
is over two times larger than any other
game prize in history oh my God I kind
of figured that out why
now oh and you're the reason he competed
pretty much yes you're my Beast games
coach I love you so much Jack hey and by
the way I was I was scared to death cuz
I was going to have to call her yeah and
say hey I'm sorry I didn't win 5 million
cuz guess what I won 10 million I know
you believe that $10
million you're going to find me look at
the C oh my gosh this is
crazy Jack all this is
ours guess what we get to do but I bet
you we can't oh they're I think they're
going to give us money a different way
the audience is is going to want to know
do you regret all the times you turn
down a million dollars
n no cuz every time I turned down a
million dollars it
was it was for you know to save a team
or cuz it wasn't mine to
take you could go back in time you do it
all the
same just maybe not pick number six you
know I found out when we got here that
he used to be a professional poker
player really yeah and um so oh my gosh
I'm a person who wears my emotion on my
sleeves he's a professional poker player
maybe that's what gave it away I didn't
even know that he's a professional poker
player I mean that makes sense cuz yeah
he read that perfectly so I didn't have
the highest hopes going in there you
know what I'm saying I didn't give up of
course
but it is what it is it is what it is I
it just wasn't my day it makes you feel
better we're to send you home with
$100,000 so you're not going home with
nothing thank you I appreciate that no
problem I'm sorry to my family I know
you don't expect me to apologize but I
am sorry
any last words before we drop
you I stand by what I said to those who
tried to hold me down to those who
lifted me
up thank you it's not the last of me
baby I'll be
back it pains me to say it but drop
her wow what are you thinking Nolan I
just a surreal moment I was fing I don't
know if I ever felt like this is what
Chandler and me were saying you know
it's
just wild what are you thinking
Chandler this I don't know it doesn't
even feel real I've never felt like this
before this
is and I've been using a fake hand this
whole last
scene John my man are you kidding
me dude oh thank you for being here you
guys me a lot to me I can't wait to be
on your
podcasts brother deserve it we're going
to do great things for
it hey John hey Jack Jack this is John
congrats man congratulations
congratulations get the goated BTS Jimmy
sorry about it was one shot one kill oh
hey I mean no need to leave it up to
chance congrats right no give me a hug I
can't wait to see this 10 million in
your bag oh my gosh oh wow just going to
wire and pop up I mean yeah it might
take them a week but yeah they'll save
you the
money and go shopping no we have just
set up our our Char we're setting up our
charity of course we going to do that oh
my gosh you're that's a lot of money man
that's a crazy amount of money that no
one ever has literally received half
that I don't I don't I don't it's not
real I'm telling you it is is not real
yeah it doesn't I I mean like I'm going
to be like yo send me a screenshot of
your bank account when you get it like
it's so much money like oh my
gosh thank you no thank you take a
screenshot of the bank wire and Frame It
by the way I I didn't tell you this I
told um I told 8:30 on day one that I
want to compete with her again in the
finals her and I it's like there cuz
they're side by side same same numbers
I'm going to have you and your son and
if you want to as well go on top of that
money right there we're going to shoot
on this camera right there you look at
that camera J's going to go you have
officially won Beast games 831 you
officially won say number you off W
Beast games we're to shoot everything
off during the Sparks and everything
literally just scream I just want be
it'll be a little loud I have $10
million say like Beast games 10 million
and say anything you can think of and
then it'll be awesome awesome so climb
that thing up and then let's do it oh
crazy dude what the congrats Jimmy I
mean holy [__] I just get away $1
million in the last five hours
oh that was
wild I think in total we have offered
people $25 million throughout the show
wow coming man after getting to know a
lot of the contestants and so many
people on this set like that guy
deserves it deserves it what he said
about doing it for his son
and for his family and uh wow I can't
wait for you guys to see this like if
it's this much of a roller coaster to
watch it in this way I can't wait to see
what the edit looks like and what
happens to this show like years from now
I feel like we're witnessing like a part
of History to be honest 831 you just won
$10 million and on the first winner of
Beast game let's
go 10 million
[Music]
yeah oh
my1 million guys yes that is the largest
grand prize in entertainment history and
we doubled it
this us
if oh my God they this show off I hope
you guys know we put an immense amount
of effort to I hope they Ed that out
massive shout out to everyone who help
with this on we had an army of people
help make these games obviously it
wasn't just me uh congrats
831 and I'll see you guys holy
crap how how many world records do you
break the most records ever bought this
just say 10 not 5 mil hey the fastest
moner truck pulled by a
team we broke our own record broke our
own record so you actually keep that we
literally just broke our own
record for 5 million oh wow just 10 mil
dude this is like a moving truck of G
record the largest physical cash prize 5
million we broke that one that's how how
does this feel compared to the first 10
grand you gave that way better this is
this is insane I mean the amount of
effort and time and money and
everything it just it's wild man like we
probably filmed 30,000 hours of content
um that's going to get condense down to
a 6our show 30,000 down to 6 I mean
that's crazy like I don't think any show
in history has ever come anywhere near
you guys ever envisioned this when you
started on
YouTube um I mean I'm a little ambitious
so yeah
but uh but but I'm kind of crazy
so all
right it's 7 a.m.
are you crying CH anyone I was
earlier this is
awesome how do you top this oh don't you
worry there are plenty of ways to Top
This crazier than this oh yeah no doubt
my mind way better there's so many
things we learn so many so many things I
mean this is great but
yeah oh my
God this is great as we see 10 mil and
all these World
Records hey Jimmy yep let's film this
SL now
[Music]
get
awesome 's missing out on
likes must be really serious what he's
doing okay got a lot awesome thank you
time amaz appreciate yeah he